-----------------------------------------------------------------------Story---------------------------------------------------------------------

You are called late at night to a double homicide. After driving what seems like forever, you arrive at the front gates of a mansion. The
gate seems to have been dented from something and doesn't look like it can function. Mud surrounds the premise and you make a very uncomfortable
journey to the main door. Its handle has been pulled off from the outside. When you press on the door it's already unlocked. No lights are on in
the building. No one seems to be here at least that you know of. Nontheless, you press on ready for anything. A chill runs down your spine as
you hear various sounds while exploring this place. The downstairs seems to be your typicall creepy old haunted house. Old books, newspapers,
and something weird. You notice blood on the walls and on the floor. You lok back at the door behind you and notice more blood that you couldn't 
see in the previous darkness (why didn't I bring a flashlight) You hear voices in the dark, you can't seem to find the origin you feel you should
investigate. The voices grow louder when you approach the front door of this mansion. Your hand reaches for your hip as you creep closer and
closer to the door. The suspense kills you. (open door slowly or fast?). As you open this front door you realize that you came in the backway
and your collegues are standing surprised staring at you. There are 6 people in total, 2 you recognize. Kent Carter and Mia Finley, both are good
cops and great friends. You don't remember how long you've known them for, all you know is you just scared the crap out of them.
"Holy- god you made me spill my coffee John!" He starts hastily wiping hot coffee off of his uniform. Mia seemed to be more scared of Kent's
reaction more than your sudden appearance. Startled she says,"oh no John did you just walk through the scene?"
"it seems I did" you think to yourself. "I should have brought my flashlight, i'm sorry guys."                                          